# monami
	Hey Stranger. You're clever. I had no intentions of you finding me. Yet here you are. :P I left everything online for a couple reasons. Things were getting too surreal for one. (Ex: Look at the Wallpaper Magazine article about Virgil Abloh's Cheat Codes. Also I was wearing a Washington DC hat at the show in SA. Look at the Soulection Tour schedule. I have no idea what that means but WTF?!?) I have a tendency to be a devil's advocate and too cynical to be a conspiracy theorist but that's too weird. 
	Secondly, strangers I had no intention of knowing about that project were getting nosy. Those mixes had songs that made ignorant people question me as a person not understanding the objectiveness and creative liberties I took upon choosing those songs for those specific instances. An ex of mine found that project too. I have no desire to reconcile with her. Keeping my creative/business life and private life separate was deliberate. 
	 I was already distancing myself from social media before I found out about you. You ruined my disclipline. Haha. I had to come see at least two or three times a day what you were up to. It was unhealthy for me. You were a distraction for me. I would go through periods where all I thought about was you and couldn't focus on my day to day routines. My analytical and independent side of me were annoyed. I got annoyed that you were my muse. Haha. I had this attitude like I don't need her to make a mix. Which was stupid to have an attitude about that cause you have an influence on me that makes me more creative. I had 3 or 4 mixes on that Soundcloud that I put together in about 4 months, then you come around, inspire me, and I make like 5 mixes in 2 months. Only 3, I think, I put up on Soundcloud. 
	Lastly when I found out you had a gf. That bothered me. I did not know the whole story and I wasn't going to assume anything which is the main idea I was trying to get through with that Erykah Badu song "Didn't Cha Know". Before I left everything I wanted to find a way to communicate besides the music to get a clear understanding. All the reasons finally added up and at that point I felt leaving would be the best for you to be happy and for me to move on. 
	After I left for two weeks it was like I was going through a breakup. I did not understand why. I had never met you, talked to you, only had ideas of who you are and here I was feeling heartbroken. I went through that cleanse of avoiding you and using my phone to a minimum for a month and a half until I got curious. I wondered if you were ok and if you had done any new mixes. You weren't ok from what I understood to be a tear on your Soundcloud picture (there's a lot of things that one can assume with clear liquid on the face nowadays haha). I heard your mix and I cried when I heard that "We can run, run away. We can fall in love, fall in love" song. I haven't cried to music ever. I realized my feelings for you were/are deep. Then I found out you were coming to SA and that was my chance to see you in person. I drove from EP and was anxious the whole trip until after the show ended. I had two shots of Bombay and my "every 4 months I'll be fine with a shot or two" dumbass felt that liquor like it was a person and it had slapped me into the buzzed state that had me vibing hard to "Amilli". I got the hint from "Call Tyrone" that you wanted to talk alone. I wasn't sure how though, after the show you were busy with fans and I was sobering up and tired. I waited around trying not to be conspicuous and said "Good show Stranger." (if I didn't mumble it loud enough) and went my way to go sleep before I had to checkout from where I was staying later that day. On the trip back to EP I realized that you had found one of my Soundclouds with the choice of songs you played at the show and so now here we are. I hope to hear from you soon whether it be through carrier pigeon or whatever medium you feel comfortable doing. 
Best Regards, 
Antonio

P.S. I don't smoke. Weed, oregano, vape, nothing at all. I like stoner and reggae music and it's a misunderstanding with a lot of people especially with my raccoon eyes and relaxed nature. 
